22             22             22
xk2800            123            123
xx             22             22
fdf             22             22
gfg             22             22
jhj            jhj            jhj
jhj             hj             hj
hgh             gh             gh
ii             ii             ii
hh             hh             hh
jj             jj             jj
gg             gg             gg
hh             hh             hh
ll             ll             ll
ll             ll             ll
ii             ii             ii
ll             ll             ll
lk             lk             lk
             jh             jh
d              d              d
gf             gf             gf
fd             fd             fd
dd             dd             dd
22             22             22
jj             jj             jj
2              2              2
o              9              9
